---
title: Zaxby's Signature Club Sandwich
description: In this episode, Michael Jones and Jordan Cwierz eat and review Zaxby's Signature Club Sandwich so you know if it's worth eating
position: 66
category: 'episodes'
thumbnail: https://img.youtube.com/vi/DvsP8AY8O_M/0.jpg
---

In this episode, Michael Jones and Jordan Cwierz eat and review Zaxby's Signature Club Sandwich so you know if it's worth eating. They also talk about Mobile, Alabama, Jordan's love for the Zax, and Nick's sauce count prior to the episode.

### Episode Date

March 15th, 2022

### Jordan's Score

50

### Michael's Score

25

### Average

37.5

## Listen

### Spotify

<iframe 
    src="https://open.spotify.com/embed-podcast/episode/5gtKihGvF38zL5STxlVvQY" 
    loading="lazy" 
    style="border: 0; width: 100%; height: 25vh;" allow="encrypted-media"
></iframe>

#### Ad Start

[42:39](https://open.spotify.com/episode/5gtKihGvF38zL5STxlVvQY?t=2559)

#### Ad End

[57:31](https://open.spotify.com/episode/5gtKihGvF38zL5STxlVvQY?t=3451)

### Youtube

<iframe 
    src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/DvsP8AY8O_M" 
    loading="lazy" 
    style="border: 0; width: 100%; height: 25vh;"  
    title="YouTube video player" 
    frameborder="0" 
    allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture"
></iframe>

#### Ad Start

[42:39](https://youtu.be/DvsP8AY8O_M?t=2559)

#### Ad End

[57:31](https://youtu.be/DvsP8AY8O_M?t=3451)

## Snack Attack

Baraboo Cow Pie

| Jordan | Micheal | Average |
| :----: | :-----: | :-----: |
|   90   |   95    |  92.5   |

## Facts

1. The very first Zaxby's opened in 1990 in Statesboro, Georgia. Founder and CEO Zach McLeroy built the concept around indescribable good chicken and unrivaled flavor of Zax Sauce.

2. Zaxby's has over a dozen of signature sauces (which is probably too many for a normal person, but probably not enough for Nick who took time to do his own researched and let us know yesterday how many sauces where on the menu even though no one asked).

   <!-- > [A quote from the Sauce Monkey] "Holy hell Zaxby's has 14 different sauces!" -->

3. Even though we never heard of them before, Zaxby's somehow ended up in the Xbox 360 era game "Midnight Club: Los Angeles" the fourth and final installment of the Rockstar game series (Did Zaxby's kill midnight club? We have no way of knowing but is there a way to bring back that ping pong game?).

4. With more then 900 locations in 17 states Zax's fanz know that Zaxby's is mostly located in the south where the restaurant sponsors everything from colleges to nascar drivers (So if your looking get ahead in life come to Zaxby's university and learn how to drive a race car in Mobile, Alabama a place used exclusively as a punchline: "You d\*\*b f\*\*king h\*\*k").

5. In October of 2019 a man was diagnosed with Hepatitis A after eating at a Zaxby's in South Carolina (This actually isn't the worst thing that can happen to you at Zaxby's, a restaurant where the co-founders nascar driving son was shot dead by police after he attacked his ex-wife with a hatchet. Truly a dark day for Zax's fanz everywhere).

## Haiku

Chicken sauce french fries

Styrofoam litters the quad

Late for class again
